fix: don't assign NSAlert to window which is not visible (#23089)
electron/electron: docs/api/dialog.md

It returns the index of the clicked button.

The `browserWindow` argument allows the dialog to attach itself to a parent window, making it modal.

> If `browserWindow` is not shown dialog will not be attached to it. In such case It will be displayed as independed window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `browserWindow` is not shown, the dialog will not be attached to it. In that case it will be displayed as an independent window.
```
